By default Nmap launches a discovery phase consisting 
of: -PA80 -PS443 -PE -PP

- -sL: It is not invasive, it lists the targets making DNS requests to 
   resolve names. It is useful to know if for example www.prueba.es/24 
   all Ips are our targets.

- -Pn: No ping. This is useful if you know that all of them are active 
   (if not, you could lose a lot of time, but this option also produces 
   false negatives saying that they are not active), it prevents 
   the discovery phase.

- -sn : No port scan. After completing the reconnaissance phase, it 
   does not scan ports. It is relatively stealthy, and allows a 
   small network scan. With privileges it sends an ACK (-PA) to 80, 
   a SYN(-PS) to 443 and an echo request and a Timestamp request, 
   without privileges it always completes connections. If the target 
   is the network, it only uses ARP(-PR). If used with another option, 
   only the packets of the other option are dropped.

- -PR: Ping ARP. It is used by default when analyzing computers in 
   our network, it is faster than using pings. If you do not want 
   to use ARP packets use --send-ip.

- -PS <ports>: It sends SYN packets to which if it answers SYN/ACK it is 
   open (to which it answers with RST so as not to end the connection), 
   if it answers RST it is closed and if it does not answer 
   it is unreachable. In case of not having privileges, a total 
   connection is automatically used. If no ports are given, 
   it throws it to 80.

- -PA <ports>: Like the previous one but with ACK, combining both of 
   them gives better results.

- -PU <ports>: The objective is the opposite, they are sent to ports 
   that are expected to be closed. Some firewalls only check TCP 
   connections. If it is closed it is answered with port unreachable, 
   if it is answered with another icmp or not answered it is left 
   as destination unreachable.

- -PE, -PP, -PM : ICMP PINGS: echo replay, timestamp and addressmask. 
   They are launched to find out if the target is active.

- -PY<ports>: Sends SCTP INIT probes to 80 by default, INIT-ACK(open) 
   or ABORT(closed) or nothing or ICMP unreachable(inactive) 
   can be replied.

- -PO <protocols>: A protocol is indicated in the headers, 
   by default 1(ICMP), 2(IGMP) and 4(Encap IP). For ICMP, IGMP, 
   TCP (6) and UDP (17) protocols the protocol headers are sent, 
   for the rest only the IP header is sent. The purpose of this 
   is that due to the malformation of the headers, Protocol 
   unreachable or responses of the same protocol are answered to 
   know if it is up.

- -n: No DNS

- -R: DNS always
