
- -sS: Does not complete the connection so it leaves no trace, 
   very good if it can be used.(privileges) It is the 
   one used by default.

- -sT: Completes the connection, so it does leave a trace, 
   but it can be used for sure. By default without privileges.

- -sU: Slower, for UDP. Mostly: DNS(53), SNMP(161,162), 
   DHCP(67 and 68), (-sU53,161,162,67,68): open(reply), 
   closed(port unreachable), filtered (another ICMP), 
   open/filtered (nothing). In case of open/filtered, -sV sends 
   numerous requests to detect any of the versions that nmap 
   supports and can detect the true state. It increases a lot the time.

- -sY: SCTP protocol fails to establish the connection, 
   so there are no logs, works like -PY

- -sN,-sX,-sF: Null, Fin, Xmas, they can penetrate some firewalls 
   and extract information. They are based on the fact that 
   standard compliant machines should respond with RST all 
   requests that do not have SYN, RST or ACK lags raised: 
   open/filtered(nothing), closed(RST), filtered (ICMP unreachable). 
   Unreliable on WIndows, CIsco, BSDI and OS/400. On unix yes.

- -sM: Maimon scan: Sends FIN and ACK flags, used for BSD, 
   currently will return all as closed.

- -sA, sW: ACK and Window, is used to detect firewalls, 
   to know if the ports are filtered or not. The -sW does 
   distinguish between open/closed since the open ones respond 
   with a different window value: open (RST with window other than 0), 
   closed (RST window = 0), filtered (ICMP unreachable or nothing). 
   Not all computers work this way, so if it is all closed, it is not 
   working, if it is a few open, it is working fine, and if it is 
   many open and few closed, it is working the other way around.

- -sI: Idle scan. For the cases in which there is an active firewall 
   but we know that it does not filter to a certain Ip (or when we 
   simply want anonymity) we can use the zombie scanner (it works for 
   all the ports), to look for possible zombies we can use the script 
   ipidseq or the exploit auxiliary/scanner/ip/ipidseq. 
   This scanner is based on the IPID number of the IP packets.

- --badsum: It sends the sum wrong, the computers would discard 
    the packets, but the firewalls could answer something, 
    it is used to detect firewalls.

- -sZ: "Weird" SCTP scanner, when sending probes with cookie echo 
   fragments they should be dropped if open or responded with 
   ABORT if closed. It can pass through firewalls that init 
   does not pass through, the bad thing is that it does not 
   distinguish between filtered and open.

- -sO: Protocol Ip scan. Sends bad and empty headers in which 
   sometimes not even the protocol can be distinguished. 
   If ICMP unreachable protocol arrives it is closed, 
   if unreachable port arrives it is open, if another error arrives, 
   filtered, if nothing arrives, open|filtered.

- -b <server>: FTPhost--> It is used to scan a host from another one, 
   this is done by connecting the ftp of another machine and 
   asking it to send files to the ports that you want to scan 
   from another machine, according to the answers we will know 
   if they are open or not. [<user>:<password>@]<server>[:<port>] 
   Almost all ftps servers no longer let you do this and therefore it 
   is of little practical use.
